Copyright 2013 Groupon, Inc

Portions of this software were developed at the Apache Software
Foundation. This is the AvailablePortFinder class from the Apache
Directory project. It has been modified to put it into a new
namespace.

Portions of this software were developed at Google, Inc. This is the
Guava library. It has been modified to put it into a new namespace.

--


# Fine Print

This library basically creates an instance of MySQL, on demand, for
testing purposes. It then creates connections to the MySQL database
using the standard library (driver) for doing so. It relies on these
libraries ( connector-mxj for running the mysql database, and
connector-java for connecting to the database) being available on the
system, it does *not* provide or bundle them itself. These libraries
are licensed under the GPL (v2) with the  "FOSS License Exception" (
http://www.mysql.com/about/legal/licensing/foss-exception/ ). In the
words of Oracle, "The FOSS License Exception permits use of the
GPL-licensed MySQL Client Libraries with software applications
licensed under certain other FOSS licenses without causing the entire
derivative work to be subject to the GPL."

It has code from two Apache 2 licensed projects copied directly into
it, these are Guava and Apache Directory projects. The terms of these
licenses have been maintained (that is, we maintain notice of
copyright and describe modifications in the NOTICE file).

In addition, this library depends on the JUnit library which is
licensed under the Eclipse Public License. It extends a class in this
library in order to provide the functionality for working with MySQL
when using JUnit (the most commonly used test harness for Java).

Finally, the library has support for working with two additional
libraries commonly used for interacting with databases in Java, Flyway
and jdbi.
